<OpenAIObject at 0x2a53f3d60f0> JSON: {
  "text": "Hamilton School District. Hi, can I speak with Amanda Porter? She's at our high school campus. Let me transfer you. Thanks. Like Hamilton High School, this is Holly. Hi Holly, can I speak with Amanda Porter please? One second, please. Amanda Porter. Hi Amanda, my name is Bobby Fisher. I'm calling from a company called Exploring Your Potential. How are you? I'm good, how are you? Good, thanks. Does Exploring Your Potential sound familiar? I think we've reached out over phone and email. Yeah. Okay, yeah, we work with high schools to help them work with their students to help find a career or to help kind of prepare them for picking a career and picking a life pathway and wanted to reach out and see if we could just schedule an introductory conversation with Jen Cushel, who is founder of our company, just to see how we can help assist, especially on the CTE side of things in helping students establish their own value profit involved in their career pathway. Yeah, is it something that's usually used in the CTE classroom or as a whole? We have we have some other software that we use and then we have strong partnerships in our community. So, we bring in local business and industry constantly. I have sessions called Coffee and Careers, so they're in front of real individuals. So, yeah, we work, you know, with the CTE department or we can be used in general. One of the benefits of our program is that, you know, we are flexible, but we typically work well with our institutions like you guys that already have a lot of these things in place as a way to really help strengthen what you're already doing. And how we could specifically do that would be part of that conversation with Jen. And this would be a 20 or 30 minute, you know, conversation sometimes this week or next. I just wanted to see when would work for you. Let me see. Pretty full. What about maybe later in the afternoon? Sure. Maybe a 2.30. How about Wednesday? The 16th. Yeah, I think I can do that. Yeah. Okay. 2.30 central time. I'm going to get a little bit of info here from you, if you don't mind. Okay. Best email for you, amanda.porter at lhwolves.net. Yes. And what's the best phone number to reach you? Well, probably just the number that you called, because I don't have a direct, and they have to transfer you. Okay. No problem. And what is your title? I am the Career and Technical Education Facilitator. Okay. How many students are you typically working with? Well, I am not directly in the classroom. I really work with any student that needs help, but particularly all of our Career and Tech teachers and programs. Okay. I actually should rephrase that. I meant like the students that are in the classroom, okay. I actually should rephrase that. I meant like the school in general, like their career efforts. How many students would you say? At high school, we have 10th through 12th grade, which would be about 900 students. Okay. And could you tell me just... Go ahead. Go ahead. Oh, I was just going to say, I also work with our middle school and junior high CTE teachers and administrators. Okay. So, at the middle school too. All right. Could you tell me a little bit more about the things that you're currently doing, like the coffee program? Yeah. So, we have an intervention and enrichment program, or period, that we have. And during that time, if kids are not pulled for intervention, then we offer sessions called Coffee and Careers, or Career Exploration. And I bring in business and industry, or trade schools, and different things like that, so that they can be exposed to the local business and industry. Because that's really what we want to focus on. We know that the majority of our kids are going to be here in Hot Springs. And so, we want them to know what opportunities are available in the workforce that we have here, and what they have to have in order to get those kinds of positions. Do they need a degree, or just skills? Do they need to go to trade school? Or can they go straight into the workforce and get on the job training? So, exposing them to our business and industry professionals here. We work a lot with the Chamber of Commerce. I do events like Reality Fair, Draft Day, where our kids get the opportunity to give resumes and interview on the spot, to go straight into the workforce. We, let's see, what else? Then, you know, we align, we have aligned every one of our career and technical education programs. We've got 14 of them directly to our business and industry that we have locally. So, we have advisory groups that lead all of our CTE programs. We're pretty much driven by our business and industry. So, what are, so, if I understand correctly, it's sort of the understanding that this student population is likely going to stay in the area, and you're capitalizing, or concentrating on what's available there, correct? Yes, but we expose them to other, to other things, and college, and, you know, all of that. But, as far as business and industry, rather than, than pushing them all to go to college, we want to expose them to the workforce that we have here locally. Since, I mean, really, in almost any school, if you do the real data, it shows that they're going to stay here, and they're going to need to go to the workforce. So, what, what are the, what is the business, business and industry where you are? What are some of the popular? So, we actually have aerospace, and we have seven different aerospace facilities, which is more like aviation. So, the mechanics, and the parts, you know, that kind of thing. So, that's one of our top. It's also tourist, hospitality, and tourism is another big one, and then, of course, manufacturing. Okay, this is all really great information. I just sent over an email invitation for you for August 16th at 2 30 central with Jen. Could you confirm that that made its way over? Yes, it did. Okay, in that case, you guys will talk then. I'm going to relate all this info to her. I really appreciate it, and have a great day. Okay, thank you so much. Thanks, Amanda. Bye-bye."
}